I woke up from the bed and that moment started looking to the palm.
Palm. That is distractions. Really, distractions.
It is because the moment you get up, actually in the teachings, the practicalness, you get up, "Oh,
this is new day. It's a birthday day."
"Name my days. How wonderful. I'm life and I'm going to practice. May my days become very beautiful
, beneficial and unconstructed in the loving-kind and complete."
It's going to benefit for all beings. Really reaching those things, feel the strong rhythms of the
Gaurabhama, some of the lineage monks and the Buddhists and their blessing, like,
and coming and then just kind of feel those thoughts immediately is so important.
Otherwise kind of whole day we start looking to the telephone or the computer and the walking, this
and that. That is distractions.
That is like Gossips. An ancient time was teaching Gossips kind of to the rudimentary group of us.
Now the Gossips are carried by the electronic. And then we completely distract with the whole Goss
ips.
And not just distract. We need to distract with all different emotions. All different emotions.
Something that we cannot end up in. We cannot stop anything. Yet it is disturbed.
So many things. Those are known as Buddha's teachings, demos, demons, really that.
So now with that, with all those things, and during the meditation, then meditate.
At least for a period of time trying to not distract it by mind all different levels, different
ways.